oh I'll their party and clap to all of
one two three four five months ago Jeff
it fellas six seven eight Martin then
I'll it take over get my dad you let
pickle cuspid a finger so let's frame
rate it but this little angel on my
right p Dumpty sat on a wall Humpty
Dumpty had a record or a good horses and
all the king's men couldn't put Humpty
together again wonderful been a
wonderful make up to the same how
you anyone yes sir yes sir three bags
full one for the master one for the day
and one photo let people could live down
the play don't you set the master Thank
You Seth delay Thank You sensitive your
boat hook goes down delay
I'm going to cop like drinking coaching
cool little star how I wonder what you
are up high like a diamond in the sky
twinkle twinkle little star how I wonder
what you ought to take care you to click
d pitching his picture how are you how
polite their work today I can't open it
and go get on to would I do my good day
having to type